[polaris-react] Remove ios and android content and examples (#6536)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/lovely-pugs-look.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Removed content-for and example-for from .md files

Author: ```suggestion
Removed mobile content and examples from README.md files
```
